Hi, I’m a BlackBox.

I weigh 13.5 oz.

I contain a Photon RedBoard by Particle.io and a Self-Adhesive Breadboard from SparkFun Electronics in Niwot, Colorado, USA.

I also contain one Red Tactile Button, one 330 Ohm Carbon Film Resistor, four 160 mm Jumper Wires, and a 9V battery by Rayovac and connected through a two-channel power supply.

My four 160 mm Jumper Wires are each made of a stranded copper alloy with gold-plated connector pins each encased in molded plastic.

Most copper comes from mines in Chile, Peru, Mexico, and Indonesia.

My Red Tactile Button contains a molded plastic base held down by an aluminium veneer with two molded plastic mechanical parts, as well as a red mold plastic cap.

Most plastics are made from crude oil which is heated and distilled into something called naphtha, which is then heated and molded into polymers based on its purpose.

My Carbon Film Resistor is made of a carbon track wrapped around ceramic and a nickel alloy rod designed and for use in small voltage electronics.

Most raw carbon is mined as graphite from India, Mexico, Sri Lanka, Korea and Madagascar.

Most nickel is mined and later smelted in countries like Russia, Canada, New Caledonia, Australia, Indonesia, Cuba, China, South Africa, Dominican Republic, Botswana, Colombia, Greece and Brazil.  

My 9V 6LF22 battery by Rayovac contains six individual 1.5V LR61 cells with an alkaline chemistry made up of nickel-cadmium, nickel-metal hydride and lithium-ion. It was made in Malaysia.

The wire connecting the battery to the Photon RedBoard is a stranded copper alloy coated in YDPU2/8 PVC tubing. It was made in China.

My outer casing is made of a polyamide Nylon and 3D printed on a Ultimaker 2 in the Innovation Co-Lab Studio at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, USA.

It was 3D printed using a process called Fused Deposition Modeling and is based on an open-source model of the casing for the Apple TV created by StudioPieters and published on the site thingiverse.com on Aug 11, 2017.

It was painted using Krylon Midnight Sky satin spray paint designed for plastics, metals, and brick. It contains acetone, propane, butane, acetates, Ethyl 3-Ethoxypropionate and Xylene and is extremely flammable.

The Photon RedBoard by Particle.io includes a Particle P1 Wi-Fi Module, which is made of a Broadcom BCM43362 Wi-Fi chip with 802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi and an integrated PCB antenna.

The Photon RedBoard is powered by a 120Mhz ARM Cortex M3 STM32F205RGY6 from STMicroelectronics based in Geneva, Switzerland.

The ARM Cortex M3 on the Photon RedBoard contains 1MB of flash memory and 128KB of random access memory, as well as 1MB external SPI flash memory (MX25L8006E)

I also contain a 84 x 53.3 x 8.3mm White Solderless Breadboard made from ABS plastic with phosphor bronze nickel plated spring clips. It was manufactured by Kondson Electronics in Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.

The SparkFun Redboard communicates with Particle.io, a private network for their internet-connected hardware.

Particle is owned by Heroku and hosts its data on servers owned by Amazon Web Services and sells marketing data to Salesforce.

Amazon Web Services houses data in high-volume servers located in Virginia, Ohio, California, Oregon, Mumbai, Seoul, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo, Canada, Beijing, Frankfurt, Ireland, London, and São Paulo.

Salesforce maintains servers in the Americas, Asia, and Europe.

Particle’s IDE system also communicates with Yahoo Analytics, Google AdSense, Facebook Signal, LinkedIn Ads, New Relic, Intercom, and other platforms for analytics.

Yahoo houses data in high-volume servers located in Quincy, WA, Omaha, NE, Chicago, IL Singapore and Lockport, NY.

Google houses data in high-volume servers in Quilicura, Chile, Saint-Ghislain, Belgium, Hamina, Finland, Dublin, Ireland, Eemshaven, Netherlands, Jurong West, Singapore, Changhua County, Taiwan, as well as throughout the United States.

Though known to lease servers with third-party companies like Coresite, DuPont Fabros and Digital Realty Trust in the US, Facebook houses much of its own data in high-volume servers in Sweden, Ireland, as well as throughout the United States.
LinkedIn houses data in high-volume servers in Chicago, Portland, Los Angeles, and Singapore.
